# Cytrus Chromium Extension
Serves promotions from the Cytrus network

# Setup
First, open http://cytrus.io in your web browser, and create a new wallet using the ‘Access wallet’ menu in the top right corner, then clicking Create new wallet. Enter a name and password for the wallet, and then make sure the mnemonic you are given is stored safely. Once logged in, click on the wallet widget once again and press the copy icon next to the wallet address to copy the address to your clipboard. Next, open the faucet found at  http://zestcha.in:4500 in a new tab. Click on the green bar that says POST – Send tokens to receiver account. Then click on the ‘Try it out’ button in the top right corner, replace the address in the quotes with your own by pasting it in, and replace the “10token” coins value with “1000ZEST”. Then press the blue Execute button lower down the page. Return to the cytrus.io tab and you should see your wallet credited with the coins. Now that you have 1000 ZEST, you can launch a new advertisement. Navigate to the Create Promo page using the link in the sidebar, fill out the form, and submit a new ad. 

Next you will need to download the Chromium Extension using one of the links on the website. This will download a .zip file which needs to be extracted. Then, visit your browser’s extension page (All chromium browsers use the same page - chrome://extensions, brave://extensions, edge://extensions, opera://extensions, etc.). Click on the ‘Load unpacked’ button in the top left corner of the page. Now you must select the folder called build containing the extracted contents of build.zip. With the extension loaded, you can finally return to the cytrus.io tab and go to the main page of the website. At the bottom of the page, there is a widget to sync the website wallet to the chrome extension. Make sure the wallet is unlocked and then press the Connect button. You should receive a confirmation message, and soon you may receive the ad your submitted earlier as a push notification, once you continue browsing.
